Feat(eos_designs): Add support for lowercase, titlecase and interface compact in AVDstringformatter (#7161)
aristanetworks/avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/how-to/custom-descriptions-names.md

- `[">" suffix]`: The suffix string including spaces which will be inserted after the field value. Most useful in combination with `?`. The suffix should not contain `"<"`, `">"`, `"!"` or `":"`.
- `["!" conversion]`: Convert string to supported methods. Note the regular Python conversions "!r", "!s", "!a" have been removed.
  - `"!u"`: convert all characters to upper case. Symbols and numbers are ignored.
  - `"!l"`: Convert all characters to lower case. Symbols and numbers are ignored.

>   - `"!t"`: Convert interfaces to shorter name. e.g. Portchannel20.1 to Po20.1.

Reviewer: this is not correct anymore

Author: Updated the doc.

- `[">" suffix]`: The suffix string including spaces which will be inserted after the field value. Most useful in combination with `?`. The suffix should not contain `"<"`, `">"`, `"!"` or `":"`.
- `["!" conversion]`: Convert string to supported methods. Note the regular Python conversions "!r", "!s", "!a" have been removed.
  - `"!u"`: convert all characters to upper case. Symbols and numbers are ignored.
  - `"!l"`: convert all characters to lower case. Symbols and numbers are ignored.
  - `"!t"`: convert a string to title case. e.g server to Server.

>   - `"!c"`: convert network interfaces to shorter names. e.g. Portchannel20 to Po20. Using this conversion may have unexpected results on other strings.

Reviewer: please update the description here

Author: Done.

>   - `"!c"`: convert network interfaces to shorter names. e.g. Portchannel20 to Po20. Using this conversion may have unexpected results on other strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `"!c"`: convert network interfaces to shorter names. e.g. Port-channel20 to Po20. Using this conversion may have unexpected results on other strings.
```

Reviewer: > Using this conversion may have unexpected results on other strings.

this should say that it will just leave the strings untouched no?

Author: Corrected the sentence.

>   - `"!c"`: convert portchannel, ethernet and vlan interfaces to shorter names. e.g. Portchannel20 to Po20. Using this conversion may have unexpected results on other strings.

Reviewer 2: I would rephrase for a generic "network interface" term (something matching <interface_type><interface_id>) as this also mathces Loopback interface. Maybe we should also not raise if this pattern is not found and just return an original valuw (see my other comment for the details)

Reviewer 3: Are we also compacting `Ethernet 20` (with space)?

Reviewer 2: > Are we also compacting `Ethernet 20` (with space)?

Yes as we are just returning first 2 characters of the titled string (`interface_type = str(value).title()[:2]`)

Reviewer 2: > Are we also compacting `Ethernet 20` (with space)?

Not anymore (as of commit 41da29021a93699015872cd3948d130afc01ebc0)

>   - `"!c"`: convert network interfaces to shorter names. e.g. Port-channel20 to Po20. The interface types ethernet, port-channel, loopback, tunnel, vlan are supported for this conversion. For the other strings, returns the same string.

Reviewer: Let's use the word why we chose _c_ :)

```suggestion
  - `"!c"`: convert network interfaces to _compact_ names. e.g. Port-channel20 to Po20. The interface types ethernet, port-channel, loopback, tunnel, vlan are supported for this conversion. For the other strings, returns the same string.
```

>   - `"!c"`: convert network interfaces to shorter names. e.g. Port-channel20 to Po20. The interface types ethernet, port-channel, loopback, tunnel, vlan are supported for this conversion. For the other strings, this conversion gives no result.

Reviewer 2: > For the other strings, this conversion gives no result

Not sure if `gives no result` is clear (is it just returning the original string? Or is it returning None (or an empty string) instead?).

Author: Updated description.

>   - `"!c"`: convert network interfaces to shorter names. e.g. Port-channel20 to Po20. The interface types ethernet, port-channel, loopback, tunnel, vlan are supported for this conversion. For the other strings, this conversion gives no result.

Author: ```suggestion
  - `"!c"`: convert network interfaces to shorter names. e.g. Port-channel20 to Po20. The interface types ethernet, port-channel, loopback, tunnel, vlan are supported for this conversion. For the other strings, returns the same string.
```
